Add backgrounder on interoperable features exploration (#7)
web-platform-dx/feature-set: 2022-backgrounder.md

## Value of converging on a common list of web features

A common list of web features, along with a companion grouping mechanism, seems needed for the web community at large to *talk about the same thing* and build a shared understanding of the interoperable status of the web platform. Immediate benefits include the ability to more easily and more correctly:

* Assess support for a given feature or feature group across browsers.
* Enhance discussions on features with data from various sources.
* Track progress of a feature over time, from its introduction in web discourse to its standardization, implementation, and bug reports in browsers.
* Detect and fix data errors about features in sources viewed as authoritative (e.g. Can I Use, BCD).
* And overall **send consistent signals on the list of interoperable features** that developers can build on with confidence.

## Building on top of a common list of web features

> With the need to support IE11 fading, we have a new opportunity to define a set of featues as the baseline of the web platform and update that set regularly with new browser releases. Those would be features that work interoperabily across major browsers. That would on the one hand, give developers an easy shorthand to look for in terms of browser suppprt, and on the other hand give us an opportunity to talk regularly about which new features have become part of the baseline of the web. Defining this baseline requires a somewhat stable set of browsers and respective versions that developers consider as required before they can use features. We have started research in this space to better understand audiences and requirements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the need to support IE11 fading, we have a new opportunity to define a set of features as the baseline of the web platform and update that set regularly with new browser releases. Those would be features that work interoperably across major browsers. That would on the one hand, give developers an easy shorthand to look for in terms of browser support, and on the other hand give us an opportunity to talk regularly about which new features have become part of the baseline of the web. Defining this baseline requires a somewhat stable set of browsers and respective versions that developers consider as required before they can use features. We have started research in this space to better understand audiences and requirements. 
```

* Detect and fix data errors about features in sources viewed as authoritative (e.g. Can I Use, BCD).
* And overall **send consistent signals on the list of interoperable features** that developers can build on with confidence.

## Building on top of a common list of web features

> With the need to support IE11 fading, we have a new opportunity to define a set of featues as the baseline of the web platform and update that set regularly with new browser releases. Those would be features that work interoperabily across major browsers. That would on the one hand, give developers an easy shorthand to look for in terms of browser suppprt, and on the other hand give us an opportunity to talk regularly about which new features have become part of the baseline of the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the need to support IE11 fading, we have a new opportunity to define a set of features as the baseline of the web platform and update that set regularly with new browser releases. Those would be features that work interoperably across major browsers. That would on the one hand, give developers an easy shorthand to look for in terms of browser support, and on the other hand give us an opportunity to talk regularly about which new features have become part of the baseline of the web.
```
